Add `group_by` option to the accessibility scanner (#239)
github/accessibility-scanner: README.md

| `include_screenshots`     | No       | Whether to capture screenshots of scanned pages and include links to them in filed issues. Screenshots are stored on the `gh-cache` branch of the repository running the workflow. Default: `false`                                                                                                                 | `true`                                                                      |
| `open_grouped_issues`     | No       | Whether to create a tracking issue which groups filed issues together by violation type. Default: `false`                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `true`                                                                      |

> | `group_by`                | No       | How to consolidate findings into issues: `finding` (one issue per individual violation), `rule` (one issue per rule, aggregating every occurrence across all scanned URLs), or `rule+url` (one issue per rule per scanned URL). Preferred over `open_grouped_issues` for consolidation. Default: `finding` | `rule`                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `group_by`                | No       | How to consolidate findings when filing issues: `finding` (one issue per individual violation), `rule` (one issue per rule, aggregating every occurrence across all scanned URLs), or `rule+url` (one issue per rule per scanned URL). Preferred over `open_grouped_issues` for consolidation. Default: `finding`                                                                     |
```

Reviewer: ^ I think there was still a typo where 2 options were still presented as the default (the default is `finding`, not `finding | rule`)

Author: good catch, applied.

> | `group_by`                | No       | How to consolidate findings into issues: `finding` (default, one issue per individual violation), `rule` (one issue per rule, aggregating every occurrence across all scanned URLs), or `rule+url` (one issue per rule per scanned URL). Preferred over `open_grouped_issues` for consolidation. Default: `finding` | `rule`                                                                      |

Reviewer: "default" should just be "finding"?

Author: Removed the redundant "default"
